8.JPGWhich of the following is not a benefit of a query over a scan? Choose the correct answer from the options below.
Please select:
A. Returns all attributes on an item
B. It does not do consistent reads
© C. Much more efficient because it searches indexes only
D. Returns the items matching the primary key search

                   8.JPG
                   

                   
8.JPGCompany B is writing 10 items to the products table every second. Each item is 15.5Kb in size. What would be the
required provisioned write throughput for best performance? Choose the correct answer from the options below
Please select
O A. 10
B. 160
C. 155
o D. 16

                   8.JPG
                   

                   
8.JPGIn DynamoDB, an atomic counter allows all write requests to be applied in the order they are received by incrementing or
decrementing the attribute value.
Please select
© A. True
B, False

                   8.JPG
                   

                   
8.JPGOf the 6 available sections on a CloudFormation template (Template Description Declaration, Template Format Versiorn
Declaration, Parameters, Resources, Mappings, Outputs), which is the only one required for a CloudFormation template to
be accepted? Choose an answer from the options below
Please select
o A. Parameters
© B. Template Declaration
C. Mappings
D. Resources

                   8.JPG
                   

                   
8.JPGCompany B has many users updating the same table. At times it is not uncommon for multiple users to update the same
item and attribute of an item at the same time. If user A calls an item in a table to update an attribute at the same time as
user B and user B updates the table first, what can we deploy in DynamoDB to ensure User A is not updating an item that
was updated since User A's table read? Choose the correct answer from the options below
Please select
A. Conditional Writes
B. Eventual Consistency
C. Extra API read calls to determine if the data was updated before the update call is made
D. Atomic Counters

                   8.JPG
                   

                   
